Update README.md (#3)
nvidia-holoscan/.github: profile/README.md

    * [OpenEmbedded/Yocto Recipes](https://github.com/nvidia-holoscan/meta-tegra-holoscan)
* **Holoscan Sensor Bridge Software**: integrate the Holoscan Sensor Bridge Device in a Holoscan Application
    * [Source code](https://github.com/nvidia-holoscan/holoscan-sensor-bridge)
    * [Documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/holoscan/sensor-bridge/latest)

## Hardware

### Developer Kits

* [**NVIDIA IGX Orin Developer Kit**](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/edge-computing/products/igx/) ([User guide](https://github.com/nvidia-holoscan/holoscan-docs/blob/main/devkits/nvidia-igx-orin/nvidia_igx_orin_user_guide.md))
* [**NVIDIA Clara AGX Developer Kit**](https://www.nvidia.com/en-gb/clara/intelligent-medical-instruments/) ([User guide](https://github.com/nvidia-holoscan/holoscan-docs/blob/main/devkits/clara-agx/clara_agx_user_guide.md))
* [**NVIDIA Jetson Orin Developer Kits**](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/autonomous-machines/embedded-systems/jetson-orin/) ([User Guide](https://developer.nvidia.com/embedded/learn/jetson-agx-orin-devkit-user-guide/index.html))

### Sensors

> * [**Holoscan Sensor Bridge Reference Design**](https://www.latticesemi.com/products/developmentboardsandkits/certuspro-nx-sensor-to-ethernet-bridge-board): bring your own sensor, and leverage this FPGA design to achieve RDMA with the ConnectX NIC of a NVIDIA Developer Kit.

Reviewer: Holoscan sensor bridge also works with non-RDMA configurations like AGX; might be worth saying something like _host systems with ConnectX can leverage that for RDMA..._.

Author: ```suggestion
* [**Holoscan Sensor Bridge Reference Design**](https://www.latticesemi.com/products/developmentboardsandkits/certuspro-nx-sensor-to-ethernet-bridge-board): bring your own sensor, and leverage this FPGA design to send packets over Ethernet, including RDMA support when connected to the ConnectX NIC of a NVIDIA Developer Kit.
```
